so blow my house has made things like
the oscar-nominated whiplash they shucks
up the culture with get out earlier this
year so what better way to wrap up the
year then with a Groundhog Day knock off
but they're just gonna call it a
spiritual successor for copyright
reasons now chances are you saw this
over Blade Runner 20 49 which truly
deserves a proper explanation video but
this is one of those so let's spoil this
movie and make some jokes so we get
introduced to tree who used to be Emma
Stone's roommate in lala land and then
realized how expensive LA was so now
she's back in school after a night of
intense Bible study she wakes up in Eric
Foreman's dorm completely drunk off the
Holy Spirit's now this specific day just
so happens to be your birthday which she
shares with her mom who sadly passed
away on that same day years ago but on
the bright side it's also the day that
the cup of noodles was invented
obviously due to this tragedy it makes
sense for tree to despise birthdays but
yet she herself sets this alarm on her
phone you're probably wondering why in
the club isn't the ringtone since that
was the one that they had in the trailer
and simply put it was too expensive and
considering Blum House only gives you a
pack of gum and a baby mask for a budget
they had to create this even better for
Blum is that the movie literally just
repeats itself over and over again so we
see tree continued waking up going
through the same process being a Regina
George to everyone around her as she
gets edged of tomorrow over and over
again now if you didn't pick up the
clues in the trailer the killer is her
roommate
aka Matthew Dean's daughter who is an 11
in an earlier script her and the teacher
/ doctor were actually in cahoots
because they were in a relationship but
they decided to slash that out and just
focus on this chicks jealousy and her
poison cupcake of course tree has to
watch her calories so she doesn't know
we eat the cupcake and thus you get all
of these elaborate plans that this navi
over here has to find out like hiring a
killer from my hospital she works at and
giving him a baby mask now I just want
to point out that I've seen Wildcats
I've seen Bulldogs I've even seen
Pirates but never
I ever seen a baby as a mascot
interestingly enough the mask was
actually made by the dude who made the
og ghost face mask for scream and I
guess to tie it into the director he at
one point stated that he was about to
have his first kid so maybe
subconsciously the film is about his
fear of becoming a father and wanting to
relive his youth before moving on a
theme that I would say is all throughout
the movie and where people have to grow
up you have the soccer boyfriend who has
to accept that he's gay the nice guy who
finally is able to get the girl
the father who finally reconnects with
his daughter and a fling that needs to
get cut off in order for them to be able
to grow or else like the leader scene
shows the wife was actually supposed to
come and kill her at the end but yeah
test audiences didn't like that but
there's one thing that never really got
answered and so we have to guesstimate
until the sequel and that's why was she
reliving the same day maybe this
Groundhog Day curse is something that's
passed down from generation to
generation perhaps trees mom was looking
from up on the branches and was
disappointed in her daughter
thus magically caused this specific day
to happen over and over again until she
changed her ways or maybe maybe there's
something deeper something rooted
something about the environment is it a
coincidence that her nickname is tree is
it implied that our actions are what
keep killing our environments and that
we're running out of time to save it to
stop tree from getting chopped down
every time she gets killed those bruises
stay with her
just like mother earth keeps eroding in
fact consider the first girl she runs
into who she repeatedly ignores a girl
whose main focus is to help the earth
and it's not until that petition is
signed that tree is able to sprout to
the
[Music]
now I'm just gonna thank you guys for
watching if you guys have any other
movies from 2017 that you want me to
explain that egg that have come out in
the past definitely let me know I'll try
to cover them as much as I can if
there's any TV shows if there's anything
I guess in music they don't want to
cover let me know down below in the
little section where you can type in
text and then be able to post it but
until next time
just remember that sometimes to love
someone you got to be a stranger